furniture:chair_wood top furniture_chair_wood_top.png
furniture:chair_wood bottom furniture_chair_wood_top.png
furniture:chair_wood sides furniture_chair_wood_side.png
furniture:stool_wood top furniture_chair_wood_top.png
furniture:stool_wood bottom furniture_chair_wood_top.png
furniture:stool_wood sides furniture_chair_wood_side.png
furniture:table_wood top default_chest_top.png
furniture:table_wood bottom default_chest_top.png
furniture:table_wood sides furniture_table_wood_side.png
furniture:chair_junglewood top furniture_chair_junglewood_top.png
furniture:chair_junglewood bottom furniture_chair_junglewood_top.png
furniture:chair_junglewood sides furniture_chair_junglewood_side.png
furniture:stool_junglewood top furniture_chair_junglewood_top.png
furniture:stool_junglewood bottom furniture_chair_junglewood_top.png
furniture:stool_junglewood sides furniture_chair_junglewood_side.png
furniture:table_junglewood top furniture_table_junglewood_top.png
furniture:table_junglewood bottom furniture_table_junglewood_top.png
furniture:table_junglewood sides furniture_table_junglewood_side.png
furniture:chair_acacia_wood top furniture_chair_acacia_wood_top.png
furniture:chair_acacia_wood bottom furniture_chair_acacia_wood_top.png
furniture:chair_acacia_wood sides furniture_chair_acacia_wood_side.png
furniture:stool_acacia_wood top furniture_chair_acacia_wood_top.png
furniture:stool_acacia_wood bottom furniture_chair_acacia_wood_top.png
furniture:stool_acacia_wood sides furniture_chair_acacia_wood_side.png
furniture:table_acacia_wood top furniture_table_acacia_wood_top.png
furniture:table_acacia_wood bottom furniture_table_acacia_wood_top.png
furniture:table_acacia_wood sides furniture_table_acacia_wood_side.png
furniture:chair_aspen_wood top furniture_chair_aspen_wood_top.png
furniture:chair_aspen_wood bottom furniture_chair_aspen_wood_top.png
furniture:chair_aspen_wood sides furniture_chair_aspen_wood_side.png
furniture:stool_aspen_wood top furniture_chair_aspen_wood_top.png
furniture:stool_aspen_wood bottom furniture_chair_aspen_wood_top.png
furniture:stool_aspen_wood sides furniture_chair_aspen_wood_side.png
furniture:table_aspen_wood top furniture_table_aspen_wood_top.png
furniture:table_aspen_wood bottom furniture_table_aspen_wood_top.png
furniture:table_aspen_wood sides furniture_table_aspen_wood_side.png
furniture:chair_pine_wood top furniture_chair_pine_wood_top.png
furniture:chair_pine_wood bottom furniture_chair_pine_wood_top.png
furniture:chair_pine_wood sides furniture_chair_pine_wood_side.png
furniture:stool_pine_wood top furniture_chair_pine_wood_top.png
furniture:stool_pine_wood bottom furniture_chair_pine_wood_top.png
furniture:stool_pine_wood sides furniture_chair_pine_wood_side.png
furniture:table_pine_wood top furniture_table_pine_wood_top.png
furniture:table_pine_wood bottom furniture_table_pine_wood_top.png
furniture:table_pine_wood sides furniture_table_pine_wood_side.png

